doc(release): Release notes collect 25.10.10 july 2026 (#5485)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

</details>

### Centreon Collect 25.10.10

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Broker] Fixed a coredump caused by a dangling pointer when the cache file grows and relocates in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed a crash caused by a dangling pointer that occurred when the cache file grew and was moved to a new location in memory.
```
